# A3-Dicegames

## a3-dicegames-ritvij14

Ritvij Kumar Sharma
2019A8PS0666G
f20190666@goa.bits-pilani.ac.in

- The App is a die based gambling game which rewards or deducts coins based on the rules defined in the game. User in the homescreen of the app requires to roll the die buttton
to gain coins before proceeding to twoormoreactivity screen to wage coins out of the available balance. They gain 5 coins on each occurence of 6 on die in the homescreen.
In the twoormoreactivity screen there are three radio buttons each suggesting the user to wage coins with increasing rewards and risk. Two_Alike radio button allows the user to
wage coins with the maximum reward of twice the coins waged and loss of same amount, the rule is to obtain two alike coins in one roll of the four dice seen on the screen
on pressing go button. Similarly for three and four alike categories the four dices must return three alike and four alike dice in one rule. The rules in these cases is similar as before
, thrice and four times reward or loss. InFo button present on the screen navigates the user to screen with all rules mentioned.



**Task1)**

Wallet Activity of the Die game based Application has a Die button which shows on the value on rolling. The amount of coins gets incremented by 5 whenever a six is rolled. The value on the face of the die is generated by Math.Random class of Java implemented by Die6 class and Die interface provided in the starter code. The two or more button allows the user to navigate to two or more activity screen implemented by bundle and intent along with the balance value to further participate in the game to gamble the coins earned so far.

**Task2)**

The two or more activity part of the app further increases the complexity of the game rules in the following three radio functionalities:

**Two Alike**: The waged amount is either gets doubled and adds to balance or gets deducted from it if out of the four dice two return alike numbers or all the dice are different respectively. the waged amount cannot be more than half the available coins to avoid negative balance.

**Three Alike**:The waged amount is either gets tripled and adds to balance or gets deducted from it if out of the four dice three return alike numbers or anyother case respectively.The waged amount cannot be more than one third the available coins to avoid negative balance.

**Four Alike**:The waged amount is either gets quadrapled and adds to balance or gets deducted from it  if out of the four dice four return alike numbers or any other case respectively.The waged amount cannot be more than one fourth of the available coins to avoid negative balance.

Toast messages are displayed depending on the type of input from the user.

**Task3)**
The ViewModel is connected with its corresponding activity and the respective commands of the buttons are set. The 'BACK' button will
take the user back to Wallet Activity and the 'INFO' button will navigate the user the Info Screen wherein all the rules of the game are mentioned.

**Task4)**

The 'BACK' button in TwoOrMoreActivity takes the user back to WalletActivity and updates the coin balance with the new balance. It is implemented by
intent and a bundle it is received back using an ActivityResultLauncher.

**Task5)**

The 'INFO' button is implemented using only an intent with no data carry forward. It displays  an InfoActivity screen which contains
the rules to play the gambling game and a 'BACK' button that takes the user back to TwoOrMoreActivity and it is implemented only using the finish
of intents.

**Task6)**

For each activity, we implemented its corresponding landscape layout xml file by rearranging the corresponding UI elements with correct ID synchronisation across the portrait and landscape layout of the respective screens.

**Task7)**

The Talkback testing was not smooth as it was reading out properly the contents of the screen and it was not guiding the user properly. It still reads the number 0 as the letter O. The Navigation part of the app was very inconvenient for me as the talkback still reads the 0 as O and the talkback didn't guide properly accross buttons.For accessibility testing I checked color contrast of different UI elements in WalletActivity and TwoOrMoreActivity.

The project took me around 15 hours to complete

The difficulty of the project for me is 9/10.
